Of course, no matter what privileges we enjoy in Jehovah's organization, no one is immune
to Satan's attacks.
That's one reason why the Apostle Paul wrote, at 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verse 12,
let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall.
Penny Green is a sister who experienced the reality of those words, but she also experienced
Jehovah's loving care.
This is her story.
I was raised as one of Jehovah's Witnesses by two witness parents.
They always encouraged full-time service for all four of us children, and each of us did
enter the full-time service.
For me, that was that 17 that I started regular pioneering.
At 19 years old, I was invited by the branch to become a special pioneer, but was really
quite a privilege.
No matter who you are, no matter what privileges of service you have, Paul knew what he was
talking about when he said, beware, because you can fall.
I was visited by an old friend who had developed a critical, complaining spirit.
Instead of putting those thoughts out of my mind, I let it grow, and it created a downward
spiral in my spirituality, and then before I knew it, I was completely inactive.
I wasn't happy because I didn't fit in anywhere.
I wasn't completely in the world, but I'd cut myself off from Jehovah's organization.
I met someone who was also raised as one of Jehovah's Witnesses, so while we were both
inactive, we were married.
My family was so loving and patient with me.
They didn't try to force me through conversation or in any other way to come back to Jehovah.
They were always there if I needed them, and I knew that.
I got a phone call from my mom saying that the district convention was going to be held
in Jacksonville that summer.
She at the time lived in Atlanta, and she asked me if she came to Jacksonville to
go to the convention, would I get with her?
It's about a six and a half hour drive between Atlanta and Jacksonville.
I agreed just to make my mom happy.
No big deal.
I can do this.
We arrived.
My son, Chase, was with me, and we're walking, and I'm thinking, I don't really want to
be here, and I don't really think I can see myself ever associating with Jehovah's
witnesses again.
My son needed to be occupied, so a lot of my time was spent on him.
That was an easy way out for me to not have to pay full attention to the program, but
at the same time, part of me must have been listening.
It was a demonstration.
The publisher made a simple statement.
She said, have you ever wondered what the earth would be like?
If that kingdom that we pray for really came, and it was like someone flipped a switch,
it felt a change in my heart.
At that point, I knew that nothing else mattered.
Anything that I had been critical of before didn't matter, because the kingdom was really
going to come, and it was really going to make the earth a paradise.
The following week, I attended a meeting.
Amazingly, after being away for seven years, it felt very comfortable.
It really did feel like going home.
My family and friends just encouraged me.
They never made me feel ostracized.
They never made me feel guilty.
It was almost like picking up where I left off and moving forward, and that's how they
wanted me to feel.
I think it's how Jehovah wants us to feel.
My life now, I'm able to pioneer again.
My husband, now we serve Jehovah together.
We absolutely love being in the Hindi group.
My children, they both started pioneering at young ages.
My son, he is a Bethelite at Warwick, and my daughter, she and her husband served in
the Dominican Republic.
My mom is a regular pioneer.
She's 94 years old.
She continues to be an outstanding example for all of us.
My life now is truly happy, and it's all because of Jehovah.
Brother and sister Greene still live in the state of Florida in the United States, and
Brother Greene serves as an elder in their local congregation.